React : Fixed overview (#29047)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/getting_started_with_react/keys_in_react.md

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

> - Learn what are keys and their need in React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn what keys are in React and why it needs them.
```
